wha alright with this exciting purchase
I have become the proud owner of the
entire complete disk-based shmups
collection for the ps3 console that's
right
I now have every single shmup for the
ps3 that comes on a disc I think if I'm
wrong please correct me in the comments
but to my knowledge I now have all of
them so I'll show them to you
hmm okay we have some Mamoru Mamoru kun
action here
I've been intending to get this for some
time I just finally jump on it yesterday
cuz it was pretty decently priced it's
kind of a bargain bin it wasn't that
cheap but yeah it was priced I was
definitely willing to pay about half of
what it was when it came out originally
so that was good stuff so that's one put
that off to the side and I've shown this
in a video before but nonetheless here
it is again under defeat HD Limited
Edition right and I guess don't go ahead
and take the discs out really quick I
was really careful with how I unwrapped
it because this is kind of one of my
treasures so as they all want this is
the Dreamcast packaging and this is a
gameplay DVD
this was the packaging for the Dreamcast
version and oh sorry ok the game itself
was in this case and that's all whoo
that's my shmups collection for the ps3
um some might argue that there's one
more game just in case you're one of
those people BAM there it is this is a
lot of fun this is a lot like res the
spiritual successor to res haven't tried
it with the Move controller yet but
did enjoy it with regular DualShock 3
controller child Avedon if there are
other games on disks even if they're
compilations or whatever I want to know
about it so if you know of one please
let me know yeah and that's it I just
wanted to say I I finally have all the
schmutz on a console hits the ps3 all
two or three of them depending on how
you want to count thanks for watching
bye bye goodbye bye bye